feat: add renderJavascript option (#134)
algolia/algoliasearch-netlify: docs/Extraction.md

## Executing Javascript

> If your website needs it, for example if you have a React application without Server Side Rendering,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your website needs it, for example if you have a React application without server-side rendering,
```

> you can enable Javascript rendering by updating the option in your [netlify.toml](/plugin/README.md#inputs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can enable Javascript rendering by setting the `renderJavascript` option in your [netlify.toml](/plugin/README.md#inputs)
```
